[SRVKS-1257] Add startup probes documentation (#84730)
openshift/openshift-docs: knative-serving/config-applications/startup-probes-for-serving.adoc

:_content-type: ASSEMBLY
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
[id="startup-probes-for-serving"]
= Startup probes
:context: startup-probes-for-serving

> toc::[]

Reviewer: Unrelated to this PR (because it's fine here), but I was poking around and saw that quite a few other assemblies seem to be missing the right-hand TOC. I assume that they're missing this `toc::[]` designation. Just noting as something to look into in a future update.

Startup probes verify whether a service has started successfully, helping to reduce cold start times for containers with slow startup processes.

> Startup probes run only during the container's initialization phase and do not execute periodically. If a startup probe fails, the container adheres to the defined `restartPolicy`.

Reviewer: Does this have to be in backticks, or could it just be said in plain language?

```suggestion
Startup probes run only during the container's initialization phase and do not execute periodically. If a startup probe fails, the container adheres to the defined restart policy.
```

Author: I think we can keep this because it's a defined variable in the config file. However, if it would be better not to have backticks in the assembly, I am open to changing it.
